Thus far in this course you'll learn quite a bit about native and how to build user interfaces screens
with it.
But what you didn't really learn is how to build a real app with multiple screens between which you
can navigate forth and back.
Yes we of course had our number of guests per game and there we.
We had multiple screens.
We had the three screens we used stair.
But actually what we did there is that we only rendered these screens under different conditions.
So in the end we just had a couple of if checks there to then render one of the three screens.
Now for this little application for this little demo.
This work.
But what was missing there was some real navigation between screens with a header with a back button
maybe with some taps at the bottom or a side door or you could open.
So basically all the navigation patterns you know from most apps you download from the app stores and
therefore that's exactly what we'll have a look at and this module will have a look at how you can add
real navigation between screens to your react native app and for this we'll also build a brand new app.